Pricing Terms and Conditions

Last Modified: April 29, 2014

Paid Long Αccess Storage Space

Long Access offers you the option of buying Long Αccess Storage
Space, in predefined sizes. The Long Αccess Storage Space you buy is
added to the Long Αccess Storage Space you have already acquired
under your Long Access account.

The purchased Long Αccess Storage Space must be used within two (2)
years from the date of purchase thereof. Any Long Αccess Storage
Space that remains unused for more than two (2) years from the date
of purchase thereof will be reclaimed by Long Access without any
refund.

Long Access accepts payments by credit card and will automatically
charge your credit card, depending upon the size of the Long Αccess
Storage Space  you select to purchase. If any fee is not paid in a
timely manner, or Long Access is unable to process your transaction
using the credit card information provided, Long Access reserves the
right to revoke access to your Long Access account and delete the
contents of such Long Αccess Storage Space which the applicable fees
have not been paid for. If you do not bring your Long Access balance
current within five (5) days after Long Access provides you with
notification that your account is in arrears, Long Access reserves
the right to use our discretion to delete some or all of Your Files.

Billing

The fees for every purchase of Long Αccess Storage Space will be
billed once, on the date you purchase that specific Long Αccess
Storage Space. All prices are inclusive of VAT at the prevailing
rate. Long Access will bill your credit card upon your purchase of
the Long Αccess Storage Space. You acknowledge that the amount billed
may vary for reasons that include, differing amounts due to
promotional offers, differing amounts due to changes in your account,
or changes in the amount of applicable sales tax, and you authorize
us to charge your credit card for such varying amounts. All fees and
charges are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for
partially used periods.

Νο Refund following Upload

We charge you a flat fee for the acquisition of Long Access Storage
Space where you can store your Archives. Each Archive is preserved
for thirty years starting from the time of upload thereof, without
any extra charge. Even if you decide to cancel your account, your
Archives will continue to exist and be accessible until its
expiration date to any and all holders of any Archive Certificate or
a copy thereof. You acquire your additional Long Access Storage Space
the minute you sign up to Long Access and pay the corresponding fee.
For this reason, we do not provide a refund should you decide to
cancel your account following an upload of any archives.

In the case that you have not uploaded anything to the Long Access
Storage Space you purchased for at least three (3) weeks since the
purchase date thereof, we are happy to provide a refund.

Cancelling Your Account

Your Long Access account will continue in effect unless and until you
cancel your account any time you wish or we terminate it.

You may cancel your Long Access Account at any time, and cancellation
will be effective immediately. If you wish to cancel your Account you
may do so by emailing team@longaccess.com. Should you elect to cancel
your Account, please note that you will not be issued a refund for
the fees that you may have paid to Long Access at any given time.

By paying for the purchase of Long Access Storage Space and providing
Long Access with your payment account information, you hereby agree
to these payment terms and conditions.

For further information regarding your Long Access Account, please
see the Long Access Terms of Service.

Cancelling Long Access Storage Space

You may be able to cancel your Long Access account any time you wish;
however, it is not possible to cancel your Long Access Storage Space.
Your Archives will remain as you stored them and they will be
accessible to anyone who holds an Archive Certificate or a copy
thereof corresponding to such Archive(s).

Test Archives

Long Access gives you the option to mark any or all Your Archives as
“Test Archive(s)” at the time of upload thereof. Test Archives are
intended to demonstrate to users the Long Access service capabilities
without permanently consuming their available Long Access Storage
Space, however occupying such Long Access Storage Space only
temporarily. Test Archives expire thirty (30) days after upload, and
are automatically deleted upon expiry. The space allocated to a Test
Archive is freed when the Test Archive is deleted, and can be used by
the account holder again.
