Terms and Conditions of Service

Last Modified: January 13, 2014

Thank you for using Long Access! These terms of service (the “Terms”)
govern your access to and use of Long Access (“we” or “our”) websites
and services (the “Services”), so please carefully read them before
using the Services.

By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing
to these Terms for that organization and promising that you have the
authority to bind that organization to these Terms. In that case,
“you” and “your” will refer to that organization.

You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms. You may
use the Services only if you have the power to form a contract with
Long Access and are not barred under any applicable laws from doing
so. The Services may continue to change over time as we refine and
add more features.

Your Archives & Your Privacy

By using our Services you provide us with information, files, and
folders that you submit to Long Access (together, “your archives”).
You retain full ownership of the content of your archives. We don’t
claim any ownership to such content. These Terms do not grant us any
rights to the content of your archives or intellectual property,
except for the limited rights that are needed to run the Services, as
explained below.

In providing the Services we shall not require any permission from
you with regards to your archives. This includes design choices we
make to technically administer our Services, for example, how we
redundantly backup data to keep it safe. By signing these Terms of
Service You give us the permissions we need to proceed to all
technical tasks required to provide the Services. This permission
also extends to trusted third parties we work with to provide the
Services, for example Amazon, which provides our storage space;
however such permission is extended only for the provision of the
Services.

To be clear, aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our
Privacy Policy, no matter how the Services change, we shall not share
your content with others, including law enforcement, with the
exception of an Archive Certificate holder for your archives, for any
purpose unless you direct us to. How we collect and use your
information generally is also explained in our Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your
archives, and your communications with others while using the
Services. For example, it’s your responsibility to ensure that you
have the rights or permission needed to comply with these Terms as an
Archive Certificate holder.

The only content of your archives that we may view is metadata such
as the following: the archive ID, the email address stated upon
uploading archives to a Capsule, the date and time of such upload,
the checksum and the indication of AES-256-CTR encryption. You
acknowledge that Long Access has no obligation to monitor any
information on the Services. We are not responsible for the legality
of the archives or the content thereof or any other information you
may be able to access using the Services.

Please consider carefully sharing or making your Archive Certificate
public. Long Access has no responsibility for that activity. We urge
you to keep any and all copies of Archive Certificates safe. In case
an Archive Certificate and /or the content thereof is stolen, the
culprit shall be able to access any and all files stored in the
corresponding Archive. We may automatically limit your downloads for
a short period of time, in cases of uncommonly large amounts of
traffic. Our service is not intended to be used for public file
sharing.

Your Obligations and Responsibilities

Files and other content in the Services may be protected by
intellectual property rights of others. Please do not copy, upload,
download, or share files unless you have the right to do so. You, not
Long Access, will be fully responsible and liable for what you copy,
share, upload, download or otherwise use while using the Services.
You must not upload spyware or any other malicious software to the
Service.

If your contact information, or other information related to your
account, changes, you must notify us promptly and keep your
information current. The Services are not intended for use by you if
you are under 13 years of age. By agreeing to these Terms, you are
representing to us that you are over 13.

Our Responsibility

Long Access will store your archives in the Capsule(s) you purchased
and uploaded them to for the duration of such Capsule(s) and will
keep your archives safe therein from any loss or corruption. Your
archives are identified by their size stated in bytes and check sum
indicated on each Archive Certificate. You or anyone with an Archive
Certificate may, at any time during the thirty year period of a
Capsule, retrieve archives by sending us the Archive ID indicated on
the corresponding Archive Certificate. From the moment you request
the retrieval of your archives from Long Access, it may take up to
four (4) hours until Long Access emails you a link that enables you
to download your archives.

If such Archive Certificate is lost and no copy thereto exists, then
it is impossible for Long Access to retrieve the archives in
question. The reason is that the key to decrypting your archives is
on the corresponding Archive Certificate. That is why we urge you to
keep (hard) copies of Archive Certificates in a safe place.

Account Security

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to
access the Services and you agree not to disclose your password to
any third party. You are responsible for any activity using your
account, whether or not you authorized that activity. You should
immediately notify Long Access of any unauthorized use of your
account.

Software and Updates

Some use of our Service may require you to download a client software
package (“Software”). Long Access hereby grants you a limited,
nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software,
solely to access the Services under open source licenses. Also, if we
provide you with any software under an open source license, there may
be provisions in those licenses that expressly conflict with these
Terms, in which case the open source provisions will apply. Your
license to use the Software is automatically revoked if you violate
these Terms in a manner that implicates our intellectual property
rights. We hereby reserve all rights not expressly granted in these
Terms. You must not reverse engineer or decompile the Software, nor
attempt to do so, nor assist anyone else to do so. Our Services may
update the Software on your device automatically when a new version
is available.

Other Content

The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
Long Access does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for
their availability, accuracy, the related content, products, or
services. You are solely responsible for your use of any such
websites or resources.

Long Access Property and Feedback

These terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in the
Services, Software, or the content in the Services. While we
appreciate it when users send us feedback, please be aware that we
may use any feedback, comments, or suggestions you send us or post in
our forums without any obligation to you. The Software and other
technology we use to provide the Services are protected by copyright,
trademark, and other laws of both the European Union and the
applicable laws its member states. These Terms do not grant you any
rights to use the Long Access trademarks, logos, domain names, or
other brand features.

Acceptable Use Policy

You will not, and will not attempt to, misuse the Services, and will
use the Services only in a manner consistent with the Acceptable Use
Policy.

Copyright

Long Access respects others’ intellectual property and asks that you
do too. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement
if they comply with the law and are properly provided to us. We
reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be
infringing and to terminate repeat infringers. Please send your
notices to the following address:

LONG ACCESS  
36 Athinas St, 10551,  
Athens, Greece  
P: +30 210 3210163  
copyright@longaccess.com  

Termination

Though we’d much rather you stay, you can stop using our Services any
time. We reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any
time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. For example,
we may suspend or terminate your use if you are not complying with
these Terms, or use the Services in any way that would cause us legal
liability or disrupt others’ use of the Services. If we suspend or
terminate your use, we will let you know in advance and retrieve your
data, though there may be some cases (for example, repeatedly or
flagrantly violating these Terms, a court order, or danger to other
users) where we may suspend immediately.

Long Access is Available “AS-IS”

Though we want to provide a great service, there are certain things
about the service we can’t promise. For example, the services and
software are provided “as is”, at your own risk, without express or
implied warranty or condition of any kind. We also disclaim any
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or
non-infringement. Long Access will have no responsibility for any
harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of data, or other
harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or
Software.

Limitation of Liability

You are responsible for maintaining and protecting all of your
Archive Certificates.

Long Access will be liable for any loss or corruption of your
archives, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or
restoring any of your archives for an amount per archive not greater
than the amounts paid by you to Long Access for the services in
question.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will Long Access,
its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors
be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary
or consequential (including loss of use, data, business, or profits)
damages, regardless of legal theory, whether or not Long Access has
been warned of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy
fails of its essential purpose; Long Access’s aggregate liability for
all claims relating to the services shall not exceed the amounts paid
by you to Long Access for the services in question.

Modifications

We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current
version will always be posted on our website. If a revision, in our
sole discretion, is material we will notify you (for example via
email to the email address stated in your account profile).

Miscellaneous Legal Terms

These terms and the use of the services and software will be governed
by the laws of the Hellenic Republic except for the conflict of laws
principles thereof. All claims arising out of or relating to these
terms or the services or software must be litigated exclusively in
the courts of Athens, Greece, and both parties consent to venue and
personal jurisdiction there. These Terms constitute the entire and
exclusive agreement between you and Long Access with respect to the
Services, and supersede and replace any other agreements, terms and
conditions applicable to the Services. These Terms create no third
party beneficiary rights. Long Access’s failure to enforce a
provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision
is found unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreement will
remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted
reflecting our intent as closely as possible. By providing access to
your Archive Certificate(s) you grant your rights to access, decrypt
and share the corresponding archives to any and all persons that
acquire such access. Long Access may assign its rights to any of its
affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any
business associated with the Services. Long Access and you are not
legal partners or agents; instead, our relationship is that of
independent contractors.
